I am keenly aware that the presidency entails both a glorious mission and important responsibilities. I will faithfully perform the duties vested in me by the Constitution, be loyal to the country and the people, fulfill all my duties, dedicate myself to public service, advance the interests of the people and the country, subject myself to public oversight, and live up to the trust you and the people of all ethnic groups in China have placed in me.
The People’s Republic of China has a splendid history. Led by the first generation of the Party’s collective central leadership with Mao Zedong as the core, the second generation of collective central leadership with Deng Xiaoping as the core, the third generation of collective central leadership with Jiang Zemin as the core, and the CPC Central Committee with Hu Jintao as general secretary, the Chinese people of all ethnic groups have, making unremitting efforts one generation after another, surmounted all difficulties and obstacles on our way ahead, and made world-renowned achievements.
Today, our People’s Republic stands proud and firm in the East.
With his rich political vision, outstanding leadership and dedication, Comrade Hu Jintao made remarkable achievements in upholding and building socialism with Chinese characteristics during his ten years in office as Chinese president, and he won the heartfelt love of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups and wide acclaim from all over the world. We express our sincere gratitude and great respect to him.
The Chinese nation has an unbroken history of more than 5,000 years of civilization. It has created a rich and profound culture and has made an unforgettable contribution to the progress of human civilization. Over the course of several thousand years, what have closely bound us together, the 56 ethnic groups of China’s 1.3-billionplus people, are our indomitable struggles, the beautiful homeland we have built together and the national spirit we have nurtured together.
Running through this history, most importantly, are the ideals and vision that we share and hold dear.
Realizing the goals of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and a modern socialist country that is prosperous, strong, democratic, culturally advanced and harmonious, and achieving the Chinese Dream of the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, means that we will make China prosperous and strong, rejuvenate the nation, and bring happiness to the Chinese people. They both embody the ideals of the Chinese people today and represent our forefathers’ glorious tradition of untiring pursuit of progress.
Facing the mighty tide of the times and the great expectations of the people for a better life, we must not become complacent or slacken off in the slightest. We must redouble our efforts and forge ahead relentlessly to advance the cause of building Chinese socialism and endeavor to realize the Chinese Dream of the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
To realize the Chinese Dream, we must take our own path, which is the path of building socialism with Chinese characteristics. It is not an easy path. We are able to embark on this path thanks to the great endeavors of reform and opening up made in the past 30 years and more, the continuous quest made in the 60-plus years of the PRC, a thorough review of the evolution of the Chinese nation in its 170-plus years of modern history, and carrying forward the 5,000-plus years of Chinese civilization. This path is deeply rooted in history and broadly based on China’s present realities. The Chinese nation has extraordinary capabilities, with which it has built the great Chinese civilization and with which we can expand and stay on the development path suited to China’s national conditions. The people of all ethnic groups in China should have full confidence in the path, theory and system of socialism with Chinese characteristics, and steadfastly forge ahead along the correct Chinese path.
To realize the Chinese Dream, we must foster the Chinese spirit. It is the national spirit with patriotism at its core, and it is the spirit of the times with reform and innovation at its core. This spirit unites the people and pools their strength, and it is the source for rejuvenating and strengthening the country. Patriotism has always been the inner force that binds the Chinese nation together, and reform and innovation have always been the inner force that spurs us to keep abreast of the times in the course of reform and opening up. Our people of all ethnic groups must foster the great national spirit and follow the call of the times, strengthen our inner bond of unity and perseverance, and vigorously march towards the future.
To realize the Chinese Dream, we must pool China’s strength, that is, the strength of great unity among the people of all ethnic groups. The Chinese Dream is the dream of our nation and every Chinese. As long as we close ranks and pursue this common dream with great determination, we can create enormous strength to achieve it and enjoy vast space for each and every one of us to fulfill our own dreams. All the Chinese who live in our great country in this great age share the opportunity to pursue excellence, realize our dreams, and develop ourselves along with our country. With a dream, opportunities and efforts, all beautiful things can be created. We the people of all ethnic groups in China should bear our mission in mind and make concerted efforts to turn the wisdom and strength of our 1.3 billion people into an invincible force.
The Chinese Dream is, in the final analysis, the dream of the people; so we must rely firmly on them to realize it, and we must steadily deliver benefits to them.
We must uphold at the same time the leadership of the Party, the position of the people as masters of their own destiny, and the rule of law, maintain the principal position of the people, expand people’s democracy, and promote law-based governance. We should uphold and improve the system of people’s congresses as China’s fundamental political system and the basic political systems of multi-party cooperation and political consultation under the leadership of the CPC, of regional ethnic autonomy, and of community-level self-governance. We should build a service-oriented, accountable, law-based and clean government, and fully motivate the people.
We should be guided by the strategic thinking that only development will make a difference, and steadfastly take economic development as the central task. We should comprehensively promote socialist economic, political, social and ecological advancement, further reform and opening up, boost balanced development, and continue to lay a solid material and cultural foundation for realizing the Chinese Dream.
We should always bear the people’s aspirations in mind and be responsive to their expectations, ensure their equal rights to participate in governance and develop themselves, and uphold social fairness and justice. We should make steady progress in ensuring that all the people enjoy the rights to education, employment, medical and old-age care, and housing; and we should continue to fulfill, uphold and develop the fundamental interests of all the people. All these efforts will enable our people to share fully and fairly the benefits of development and move steadily towards shared prosperity on the basis of continued economic and social development.
We should consolidate and develop the broadest possible patriotic United Front, strengthen our Party’s unity and cooperation with other political parties and personages without party affiliation, consolidate and develop socialist ethnic relations of equality, unity, mutual assistance and harmony, give full play to the positive role that religious figures and believers play in promoting economic and social development, and do our utmost to rally all the possible forces around us.
“One must both have great ambition and make tireless efforts to achieve great exploits.” China is still in the primary stage of socialism and will remain so for a long time to come. There is still much to do and a long way to go before we can realize the Chinese Dream and create a better life for all our people, so every one of us should continue working towards this goal as hard as possible.
Workers, farmers and intellectuals throughout the country should give full rein to their talents, work diligently, and play a key role in promoting economic and social development. All functionaries should selflessly act in the public interest, be honest and industrious, show concern for problems encountered by the people, and deliver practical services to them. All officers and men of the People’s Liberation Army and the People’s Armed Police Force should strive to build powerful armed forces that follow the command of the Party, are able to win battles and have fine conduct. They should become better able to perform their mission, steadfastly uphold China’s sovereignty, security and development interests, and resolutely protect the lives and property of the people. All the people working in the non-public sector of the economy and from new social groups should promote creativity and entrepreneurship through hard work, give back to society what they have gained from it, bring benefits to the people, and become actively involved in building socialism with Chinese characteristics. Young people should aim high, acquire more knowledge, temper their will, and make their formative years richly rewarding ones in an era of progress.
Our compatriots in the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macao should put the overall interests of the country and their regions first, and uphold and promote long-term prosperity and stability in Hong Kong and Macao. Our compatriots in Taiwan and on the mainland should join hands in supporting, maintaining and promoting the peaceful growth of cross-Straits relations, improving the people’s lives on both sides of the Taiwan Straits, and creating a new future for the Chinese nation. Overseas Chinese should carry forward the Chinese nation’s fine traditions of diligence and kindness, and contribute to the development of the country and friendship between the Chinese people and the people in their host countries.
We Chinese are peace-loving people. We will uphold the principle of peace, development, cooperation and mutual benefit, stay firm in pursuing peaceful development, resolutely follow a mutually beneficial strategy of opening up, and continue to promote friendship and cooperation with other countries. We will fulfill our international responsibilities and obligations, and continue to work with the peoples of all other countries to advance the lofty cause of peace and development of mankind.
The CPC is the central force for leading and bringing together people of all ethnic groups in advancing the great cause of building Chinese socialism. It shoulders a historical mission and faces the tests of our times. We must uphold the principles that the Party was founded for the public good, that it exercises state power for the people, and that it should supervise its own conduct and operate under strict discipline. We must strengthen Party building in all respects, steadily improve the Party’s art of leadership and governance, and make it better able to fight corruption, prevent degeneration and ward off risks. All our Party members, leading officials in particular, should be firm in our belief, always place the people above all else in our hearts and carry forward the Party’s fine traditions and conduct. We should firmly oppose going through the motions, excessive bureaucracy, selfindulgence, and extravagance, resolutely combat corruption and other misconduct, preserve Communists’ political integrity, and dedicate ourselves to the cause of the Party and the people.
Achieving great goals requires perseverance. All political parties, organizations, ethnic groups, social groups and people from all walks of life in China should rally more closely around the CPC Central Committee, comprehensively implement the guiding principles of the Party’s 18th National Congress, follow the guidance of Deng Xiaoping Theory, the important thought of the Three Represents and the Scientific Outlook on Development. We should remain modest and prudent, work hard, and forge ahead with determination to achieve new and bigger victories in realizing a moderately prosperous society in all respects and accelerating socialist modernization, and thus make new and bigger contribution to mankind.
It is a glorious mission and weighty responsibility to take on this great position of PRC President. I will, as always, faithfully fulfill my responsibilities empowered by the Constitution, be loyal to the motherland and the people, perform my duty scrupulously, do all my best, be diligent at work, and stay devoted and dedicated. I will continue to serve as a servant of the people, accept supervision by the people, and will absolutely not betray the great trust from all deputies and Chinese people of all ethnic groups.
No matter how high a position one holds, all personnel of state organs should keep firmly in mind that our republic is the People’s Republic of China, always put the people in the most prominent place in their hearts, always serve the people wholeheartedly, and always work hard for the people’s interests and happiness.
People are the creators of history; people are real heroes. The magnificent development history of the Chinese nation was written by the Chinese people! The extensive and profound Chinese civilization was created by the Chinese people! The spirit of the Chinese nation, which has been kept fresh and alive throughout history, was cultivated by the Chinese people! The endeavor of the Chinese people has led to a tremendous transformation of the Chinese nation: it has stood up, grown rich, and is becoming strong!
The character and talent of the Chinese people have fostered the Chinese civilization with a history of thousands of years. It has also exerted a far reaching influence on the development of China and on the ethos of the Chinese people nowadays. The great national spirit, fostered, passed down and developed by the Chinese people during their long-term struggle, has offered a strong impetus for the development of China and the human civilization.
The Chinese people are people with great creativity. During the thousands of years of history, the Chinese people have always been laboring, innovating and creating with diligence. Our country has been the birthplace of world-renowned great thinkers such as Laozi, Confucius, Zhuangzi, Mencius, Mozi, Sunzi and Han Feizi. The Chinese people’s magnificent scientific achievements such as paper-making, gunpowder, printing and compass have profoundly influenced the progress of the human civilization. We created great art works of the Book of Songs, the songs of Chu Kingdom, the rhyme prose of Han Dynasty, the poetry of Tang Dynasty, the iambic verses of Song Dynasty, the drama of Yuan Dynasty and the novels of Ming and Qing dynasties; we passed down the powerful Epic of King Gesar, the Epic of Manas and the Epic of Jangar; we built the mighty projects of the Great Wall, the Dujiang Weir, the Grand Canal, the Forbidden City and the Potala Palace. Today, the creativity of the Chinese people are being unleashed to an extent like never before, which has been enabling our country to develop rapidly and stride forward at the forefront of the world. I am confident that as long as the over 1.3 billion Chinese people keep on developing such great creativity, we will definitely create miracles one after another!
The Chinese people are people with great spirit of struggle. Over the past thousands of years, the Chinese people have been discarding the old and introducing the new. Our pursuit of progress has never paused. We have developed and built an immense and beautiful country, and explored vast expanse of territorial seas. We have opened up extensive and productive cropland, reined in numerous rampant rivers, and overcome countless natural disasters. We have constructed towns and villages scattered all over the country and developed a complete range of industries. Varied and colorful lives have taken shape. The Chinese people have been aware since ancient times that we cannot sit idle and enjoy the fruits of others’ work, and happiness can only be achieved through great endeavor. What the Chinese people have achieved stems from ingenuity and expertise, hard work, and enormous sacrifices. I believe as long as more than 1.3 billion Chinese people uphold the great struggling spirit, we will definitely fulfill the great goal of creating a better life.
The Chinese people are people with great spirit of cherishing unity. Over the past thousands of years, the Chinese people have been united and stuck together through thick and thin. We have built a united country with various nationalities, developed harmonious relationships between 56 diverse, interwoven ethnic groups, formed a big Chinese family where they keep watch for and help defend each other. Especially since modern times, in face of critical and grave foreign invasion, all ethnic groups stood hand in hand and fought heroically and painfully to defeat all extremely vicious invaders and safeguard the national independence and freedom, jointly drawing a magnificent epic of defending the Chinese nation against foreign aggression. Today, China, with all ethnic groups striving with one heart, has achieved extraordinary accomplishments. The Chinese people have learned from our own experience that only when we are united can we be strong and march forward, and a divided country will not progress. I believe as long as more than 1.3 billion Chinese people uphold the great spirit of unity, we will definitely forge an unstoppable and invincible force.
Chinese people are people with great spirit of pursuing dreams. Over a history of thousands of years, Chinese people have always held fast to their dreams and make endless efforts. Not only have we formed the ideal of living a well-off life, but also an aspiration for the common good. Ancient Chinese mythologies, such as Pangu creating the world, Nyuwa patching up the sky, Fuxi drawing eight diagrams, Shennong tasting herbs, Kuafu chasing the sun, Jingwei filling up the sea and Yugong removing mountains,deeply reflect Chinese people’s perseverance in dauntlessly pursuing and realizing dreams. It is Chinese people’s firm belief that no matter how high a mountain is, if you keep climbing, you will reach the top; no matter how long a road is, if you keep walking, you will reach your destination. Since modern times began, to realize the Chinese Dream of national rejuvenation has become the greatest dream of Chinese nation. Chinese people never yield despite reverses, and they stand firm and indomitable. With the spirit of fighting the enemy to the last minute, the resolve of recovering the lost on the basis of self-reliance, and the ability of rising up among the community of nations, the Chinese people have made continuous efforts for more than 170 years to fulfill the great dreams. Today, we are closer, more confident, and more capable than ever before in making the goal of national rejuvenation a reality. I believe that as long as more than 1.3 billion Chinese people keep carrying forward this great spirit of pursuing dreams, we can and will realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
Comrades, having such great people, nation and ethos is our pride, our spiritual strength to keep the confidence in the path, theory, system, and culture of socialism with Chinese characteristics, as well as the prime force to drive us forward in spite of all difficulties. China is a socialist country of people’s democratic dictatorship under the leadership of the working class based on an alliance of workers and farmers; it is a country where all power of the state belongs to the people. We must base our efforts on the interests of the people, ensure the principal status of the people, humbly learn from the people, and heed to their needs and draw on their wisdom. We must ensure that it is the basic criterion of our work that whether we can gain people’s backing, acceptance, satisfaction and approval. We must focus our efforts in addressing the most pressing, most immediate issues that concern the people the most. We must also ensure that all Chinese people could share the happiness and pride in the historic course of national rejuvenation.
Only when people have faith, will the nation have a bright future and strength. Now socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, the hard-working, brave Chinese people have shown more confidence, self-respect and self-improvement. China, a nation in the East that is both ancient and modern, is full of vigor and undergoes great changes. The path, theory, system and culture of socialism with Chinese characteristics have radiated with great vitality, while miracles keep happening in our land. We have full confidence in our future.
History has proven and will continue to prove that only socialism can save China and only by adhering to and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics will we realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. Both China and the world are in the midst of profound and complex changes. China is still in an important period of strategic opportunity for development. We have a favorable development environment that was unimaginable before, but we still face unprecedented difficulties and challenges. At the 19th National Congress, the CPC has drawn up a splendid blueprint for securing a decisive victory in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects, embarking on a new journey to fully build a modern socialist country and realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. It will be another Long March to materialize the blueprint. Although we have a long way to go, we are left with limited time and not allowed to be slack. We must not be satisfied with the status quo, indulge ourselves in ease and comfort, or let delight dispel worries. We must stay true to our original aspiration, hold on to our mission, strive to accomplish, so as to make outstanding achievement in the new era.
We should adapt ourselves to the new historic juncture for the development of our country, act in response to the evolution of the principal contradiction in Chinese society, uphold the great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics, fully implement the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress and the second and third plenary sessions of the 19th CPC Central Committee. We should follow the guide of Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory, the Theory of Three Represents, the Scientific Outlook on Development, and the Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era. We should remain committed to the underlying principle of pursuing progress while ensuring stability, stick to the people-centered development vision, plan great struggle, great project, great cause, and great dream as a whole, ensure coordinated implementation of the five-sphere integrated plan, and the four-pronged comprehensive strategy, so as to break a new ground for the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics for the new era.
Our goal is to build China into a great modern socialist country that is prosperous, strong, democratic, culturally advanced, harmonious, and beautiful by the middle of the century.
We will devote more energy and take more concrete measures in deepening reform in all areas, expanding opening up, applying a new vision of development, promoting high-quality economic development and developing a modernized economy to increase China’s economic and technological strength, and composite national strength, so as to better demonstrate the vitality of the socialist market economy.
We will devote more energy and take more concrete measures in developing socialist democracy, upholding the unity of Party leadership, the running of the country by the people, and law-based governance, building a country of socialist rule of law, promoting the modernization of China’s system and capacity for governance, consolidating and developing the broadest possible patriotic united front, to ensure that people enjoy the democratic rights in a broader, fuller and more genuine way, so as to better demonstrate the strength of socialist democracy.
We will devote more energy and take more concrete measures in developing a great socialist culture in China, cultivating and observing core socialist values, and promoting the creative evolution and innovative development of fine traditional Chinese culture, so as to better demonstrate the influence of the Chinese civilization, and its power to unite and ability to inspire.
We will devote more energy and take more concrete measures in ensuring and improving people’s living standards, strengthening and developing new approaches to social governance, resolutely winning the battle against poverty, promoting social fairness and justice, making steady progress in ensuring people’s access to childcare, education, employment, medical services, elderly care, housing, and social assistance, so as to better demonstrate the realization of common prosperity for everyone in people’s real life.
We will devote more energy and take more concrete measures to advance the building of an ecological civilization, accelerate efforts to develop green production and ways of life, and work harder to tackle prominent environmental problems. We will make the skies of our country more blue, mountains more green, waters more clear and the environment more beautiful so that the concept that lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets is better demonstrated on the great land of our country.
We will stick to the absolute leadership of the CPC over the people’s armed forces and fully implement the Party’s thinking on strengthening the military for the new era. We will continue to enhance the political loyalty of the armed forces, strengthen them through reform and technology, and run them in accordance with law. We will act more quickly to put into place the system of world-class armed forces with Chinese characteristics. We will create a modern combat system with distinctive Chinese characteristics. Our armed forces must be up to shouldering the missions and tasks of the new era entrusted to them by the Party and the people.
We will fully and faithfully implement the policies of “one country, two systems”, “the people of Hong Kong governing Hong Kong”, “the people of Macao governing Macao,” and a high degree of autonomy for both regions. It is imperative to act in strict compliance with China’s Constitution and the basic laws of the two special administrative regions. We will support the governments and chief executives of both regions in exercising law-based governance and pursuing endeavors. We will support Hong Kong and Macao in integrating their own development into the overall development of the country. We will foster greater patriotism and a stronger sense of national identity among the people in Hong Kong and Macao. We will maintain long lasting prosperity and stability in Hong Kong and Macao. We must uphold the one-China principle, stick to the 1992 Consensus, promote peaceful development of cross-Straits relations and expand cross-Straits economic and cultural exchanges and cooperation. We are ready to share the development opportunities on the mainland with our Taiwan compatriots, improve the wellbeing of Taiwan compatriots and advance the process toward the peaceful reunification of China.
It is the shared aspiration of all Chinese people and in the fundamental interests of the Chinese nation to safeguard China’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and realize China’s complete reunification. In front of the great national interests and the tide of history, any actions and tricks to split China are doomed to fail. They are certain to meet with the people’s condemnation and the punishment by the history. The Chinese people have the resolve, the confidence, and the ability to defeat secessionist attempts in any form! The Chinese people and the Chinese nation share a common belief that it is never allowed and it is absolutely impossible to separate any inch of territory of our great country from China! 
The world we live in is full of hope and full of challenges. The Chinese people have always had the sense of justice and compassion. The Chinese people have always tied their destiny closely to that of the people around the world. The Chinese people have always paid close attention and provided unselfish assistance to people who still live in war, turmoil, hunger, and poverty. The Chinese people are always ready to do their utmost to contribute to the peace and development of humanity. This wish of the Chinese people is sincere. China will never pursue development at the expense of others’ interests. China’s development does not pose a threat to any other country. China will never seek hegemony or engage in expansion. Only those who are accustomed to threatening others see everyone as a threat. The Chinese people’s sincere wish and practical action to contribute to the peace and development of humanity should not be misinterpreted, nor should they be distorted. Justice will prevail!
China will continue to hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation, and mutual benefit. China will stay on the path of peaceful development, and continue to pursue a mutually beneficial strategy of opening up. China endeavors to uphold international fairness and justice. China advocates that all issues in the world should be settled through consultation among people around the world, and will not impose its will on others. China will continue to actively push forward the Belt and Road Initiative, and strengthen its exchanges and cooperation with countries around the world to let China’s reform and development benefit humanity. China will continue to actively participate in the evolution and construction of the global governance system. China will contribute more Chinese wisdom, Chinese solutions and Chinese strength to the world, to push for building an open, inclusive, clean, and beautiful world that enjoys lasting peace, universal security, and common prosperity. Let the sunshine of a community with a shared future for humanity illuminate the world!
The leadership of the Communist Party of China is the defining feature of socialism with Chinese characteristics. The Party is the highest force for political leadership and the fundamental guarantee of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation. The Party exercises overall leadership over all areas of endeavor in every part of the country. All political parties, people’s organizations, ethnic groups and people of all sectors across the country should rally closely around the CPC Central Committee, enhance the “Four Consciousnesses,” strengthen the “Four Confidences,” and march forward with one heart and one mind.
To shoulder the historic responsibility of leading the people in the great social revolution, the Communist Party of China must have the courage to reform itself, adhere to the Party’s commitment to serving the public good and exercising power in the interests of the people, step up strict governance over the Party, resolutely clear all types of inaction and corruption, always have a heart-to-heart communion with the people, always share the comforts and hardships with the people, always work hard together with the people, always preserve the character of a Marxist governing party, always remain ahead of the time, and always be the backbone of the Chinese people and the Chinese nation!
As an old Chinese poem goes, “When I glance at the visage of vernal breeze, I know that a thousand flowers of purple and red set spring aglow.” After nearly seven decades of hard work under the leadership of the CPC, our people’s republic has been growing vigorously, and with an entirely new posture, it now stands tall and firm in the East.
The new era belongs to everyone, and we are all its witnesses, creators and builders. No force can stop Chinese people’s march toward realizing their dreams as long as we unite as one and strive together!
We should ride on the mighty driving force of the new era with full steam, steady helmsmanship and strong morale. The giant steamer of Chinese nation bearing the great dreams of the 1.3-billion-plus Chinese people hence will keep summoning difficulties and forging ahead, and setting sail for a long voyage into a future full of hopes successfully!
It is my third time to take on this noble position of the president of the PRC. The people's trust has been my greatest source of strength to go forward and also the greatest responsibility on my shoulders. I will faithfully fulfill the duties prescribed in the Constitution, take the needs of the country as my mission and the people's interests as the yardstick to follow, be committed and honest in my duties, devote myself to my work without reserve, and never fail to live up to the great trust of the deputies and the people.
The Chinese nation, with a civilization spanning over 5,000 years, has created a myriad of glories and also been through a lot of hardships and adversity. With the advent of modern times, China was reduced to a semi-feudal and semi-colonial society, when bullying by foreign powers and frequent wars tore the country apart and plunged the Chinese people into an abyss of great suffering. Since its founding, the Communist Party of China (CPC) has closely united and led the Chinese people of all ethnic groups in working hard for a century to put an end to China's national humiliation. The Chinese people have become the masters of their future, the Chinese nation has achieved the great transformation from standing up and growing prosperous to becoming strong, and China's national rejuvenation has become a historical inevitability.
From now until the middle of the century, the central task of the Party and all Chinese people is to complete building China into a great modern socialist country in all respects and advance national rejuvenation on all fronts. And the baton of this central task has now been historically passed on to our generation. In accordance with the strategic plans made at the 20th CPC National Congress, we must implement the Five-Sphere Integrated Plan and the Four-Pronged Comprehensive Strategy, speed up Chinese modernization, strive in unity, and continue to break new ground, so as to make achievements on the new journey that answer the call of our times and history and meet the expectations of our people, and make due contributions of our generation to building a great country and achieving national rejuvenation.
On the new journey to build China into a great country and to achieve national rejuvenation, we must unswervingly promote high-quality development. We must fully and faithfully apply the new development philosophy on all fronts and accelerate the efforts to foster a new development pattern. We must fully implement the strategy for invigorating China through science and education, the workforce development strategy and the innovation-driven development strategy, and focus on achieving greater self-reliance and strength in science and technology. We must also promote transformation and upgrading of industries, promote coordinated urban-rural and regional development, make further efforts to build a green and low-carbon economy and society, and effectively upgrade the quality and appropriately expand the output of our economy, so as to constantly increase our economic strength, scientific and technological capabilities and composite national strength.
We must remain committed to putting the people first. The people are the decisive force for building China into a great modern socialist country in all respects. We must proactively develop whole-process people's democracy, uphold the unity between the Party leadership, the running of the country by the people and law-based governance, improve the system of institutions through which the people run the country, fulfill the people's will, protect their rights and interests and fully inspire their enthusiasm, initiative and creativity. We need to implement a people-centered philosophy of development, improve the system of income distribution, perfect the social security system, and enhance basic public services. We must ensure that the basic living needs of all our people are met, and work hard to resolve the pressing difficulties and problems that concern them most. We must do a better job of seeing to it that the gains of modernization benefit all our people fairly, and make more notable and substantive progress in promoting common prosperity for all. We must strengthen the great unity of the Chinese people of all ethnic groups and the great unity of all the sons and daughters of the Chinese nation at home and abroad, thus mobilizing all positive factors to give shape to a mighty joint force for building a great country and advancing the rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
We need to better coordinate development and security. Security is the foundation of development and stability is the prerequisite for prosperity. We must resolutely pursue a holistic approach to national security, improve the national security system, strengthen our capacity for safeguarding national security, enhance public security governance, and improve the social governance system. With this new security architecture, we will be able to better safeguard China's new pattern of development. We should comprehensively promote the modernization of our national defense and our armed forces, and build the people's military into a great wall of steel that can effectively safeguard our nation's sovereignty, security and the interests of our development.
We should solidly promote the practice of "one country, two systems" and the great cause of national reunification. The long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions is indispensable to the building of a great China. We should fully, faithfully, and resolutely implement the policy of "one country, two systems," under which the people of Hong Kong administer Hong Kong and the people of Macao administer Macao, both with a high degree of autonomy. We will remain committed to law-based governance in Hong Kong and Macao and will support Hong Kong and Macao in developing their economies and improving people's livelihood, so that they can better integrate themselves into the overall development of the country. Realizing China's complete reunification is a shared aspiration of all the sons and daughters of the Chinese nation as well as the essence of national rejuvenation. We should implement the Party's overall policy for resolving the Taiwan question in the new era, uphold the one-China principle and the 1992 Consensus, actively promote the peaceful development of cross-Strait relations, resolutely oppose foreign interference and separatist activities aimed at "Taiwan independence," and unswervingly promote progress towards national reunification.
We must strive to promote the building of a community with a shared future for mankind. China's development benefits the world, and China cannot develop itself in isolation from the world. We must solidly promote high-level opening up, not only making good use of the global market and resources to develop ourselves, but also promoting common development of the world. We must hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation and mutual benefit, always stand on the right side of history, practice true multilateralism and the common values of mankind, actively participate in the reform and development of the global governance system, and promote the development of an open world economy. We should promote the implementation of Global Development Initiative and Global Security Initiative, so as to add more stability and positive energy to world peace and development, and create a favorable international environment for our country's development.
To do a good job of governing the country, the Party should do a good job of governing itself; and to build a great country, the Party must be thriving. To promote the building of a great country, it is essential to uphold the leadership of the CPC and the centralized, unified leadership of the CPC Central Committee, and to step up Party building in a solid manner. We must remain sober-minded and resolved about addressing the challenges unique to a big political party as ours, and have the courage to carry out self-reform. We must unceasingly exercise full and rigorous Party self-governance, unswervingly fight against corruption, and always maintain the unity and solidarity of the Party. By doing so, we will be able to ensure that the Party will never change its nature, its conviction, or its character, which will serve as a strong guarantee for building a great country and advancing national rejuvenation.
The grand goal of building a great country and achieving national rejuvenation is encouraging and motivating. We should seize the day, remain confident in our history, exhibit greater historical initiative, uphold fundamental principles and break new ground, maintain strategic resolve, carry forward the fighting spirit, and strive to overcome all difficulties, to contribute to the great cause of building China into a great country and achieving national rejuvenation.
